This is a brief description of the TUXONE Simple Application.
A more comprehensive look can be found in the TUXONE System
Application Development Guide.

The Simple Application consists of a single server offering a single
service.  The service is called TOUPPER.  The client is run with
a single argument, which is a string to convert to upper case.
The client calls the service, which returns the converted string.
The client then prints that string.

Example: simpcl "Hello World"

Returned string is: HELLO WORLD

This application runs a single server on a single machine.  It is
designed so that it can be up and running within minutes after
installing the TUXONE software.

You should probably copy the simpapp files to your own directory,
since the configuration file must be edited and you might also
want to experiment with the client and server code.

You need to set and export several environment variables before using
TUXONE or running any TUXONE application:

	TUXDIR - base directory of the TUXONE software
	PATH - must include $TUXDIR/bin
	LD_LIBRARY_PATH - must include $TUXDIR/lib on systems that use
		shared libraries (except HP-UX and AIX)
	SHLIB_PATH - HP-UX only: must include $TUXDIR/lib
	LIBPATH - AIX only: must include $TUXDIR/lib
	TUXCONFIG - full pathname of binary tuxconfig file

On SUN machines, make sure that /usr/5bin appears at the beginning
of your PATH.

The sample configuration file, ubbsimple, must be edited to replace
the bracketed items with values appropriate to your installation.
Your TUXDIR and TUXCONFIG environment variables must match the
values in the configuration file.

After editing ubbsimple, create the binary TUXCONFIG file with the command:

	tmloadcf ubbsimple
	(Answer "y" if it asks you whether it should proceed)

The client and server for the Simple Application are already built: the
executables are named simpcl and simpserv.  If you have the TUXONE
Development Environment, you can also build them yourself:

	buildclient -o simpcl -f simpcl.c
	buildserver -o simpserv -f simpserv.c -s TOUPPER

The Simple Application can be booted with the command:

	tmboot -y

Then you can run "simpcl" as shown in the example above.
Simpcl can be run as many times as you wish.

When you are done, you can shut down the Simple Application with
the command:

	tmshutdown -y

Suggested next steps:

	Run more than one copy of the "simpserv" server, all operating
	from a single queue (Hint: See the RQADDR parameter in ubbconfig(5)).

	Configure a networked application, where the client and server
	run on different machines.

	Try the administrative command, "tmadmin", to display and
	modify the parameters of the running application.  (Try
	suspending the TOUPPER service, and then running the client.)
